applications: nrf_desktop: Update supported boards in doc (#3019)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/README.rst

Module and component overview
=============================

The following figure shows the nRF Desktop modules and how they relate with other components and the :ref:`event_manager`.
The figure does not present all the available modules.

> For example, the modules that are used as hotfixes or only for debug/profiling purposes are not presented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the figure does not include the modules that are used as hotfixes or only for debug or profiling purposes.
```

>           * Short-press to initialize the peer selection.
>             During the peer selection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          * Short-press to initialize the peer selection.
            (The **LED1** changes color and starts blinking.)
            During the peer selection:
```

        Input data comes from Bluetooth and is retransmitted to USB.
      * |preconfigured_build_types|

nRF52833 USB Dongle (nrf52833dongle_nrf52833) and nRF52820 Dongle (nrf52820dongle_nrf52820)

>       * Both reference designs are meant for the project-specific hardware and are defined in :file:`nrf/boards/arm/nrf52833dongle_nrf52833` and :file:`nrf/boards/arm/nrf52820dongle_nrf52820`, respectively.

Reviewer 2: >Both reference designs are meant for the project-specific hardware and are defined in :file:`nrf/boards/arm/nrf52833dongle_nrf52833` and :file:`nrf/boards/arm/nrf52820dongle_nrf52820`, respectively.

This part is not needed

Reviewer 2: > This configuration uses Nordic's nRF52840 dongle defined in Zephyr

If you remove this (line 904) 833 and 840 dongles will go together.

Author: done

      * The application is configured to act as both mouse and keyboard.
      * Input data comes from Bluetooth and is retransmitted to USB.

>         The device is Bluetooth central with Nordic's SoftDevice link layer (nrf52833dongle_nrf52833) or Zephyr's software link layer (nrf52820dongle_nrf52820).

Reviewer 2: I think 820 dongle can go alone - that will emphasize the usage of OS LL

Author: done
